the fake news media hates when I use what has turned out to be my very powerful social media - over  million people ! I can go around them
fake news is at an all time high . where is their apology to me for all of the incorrect stories ? ? ?
the fake news media has never been so wrong or so dirty . purposely incorrect stories and phony sources to meet their agenda of hate . sad !
sorry folks , but if I would have relied on the fake news of cnn , nbc , abc , cbs , washpost or nytimes , I would have had zero chance winning wh
russian officials must be laughing at the u.s. & how a lame excuse for why the dems lost the election has taken over the fake news .
the fake news media works hard at disparaging & demeaning my use of social media because they don't want america to hear the real story !
does anyone notice how the montana congressional race was such a big deal to dems & fake news until the republican won ? V was poorly covered
 ... it is very possible that those sources don't exist but are made up by fake news writers . #fakenews is the enemy !
does anyone notice how the montana congressional race was such a big deal to dems & fake news until the republican won ? V was poorly covered
 ... it is very possible that those sources don't exsist but are made up by fake news writers . #fakenews is the enemy !
whenever you see the words  ' sources say' in the fake news media , and they don't mention names ...  .
the roger stone report on @ cnn is false - fake news . have not spoken to roger in a long time - had nothing to do with my decision .
general flynn was given the highest security clearance by the obama administration - but the fake news seldom likes talking about that .
why is it that the fake news rarely reports ocare is on its last legs and that insurance companies are fleeing for their lives ? it ' s dead !
wow,the fake news media did everything in its power to make the republican healthcare victory look as bad as possible .far better than ocare !
the fake news media is officially out of control . they will do or say anything in order to get attention - never been a time like this !
the two fake news polls released yesterday , abc & nbc , while containing some very positive info , were totally wrong in general e . watch !
anybody especially fake news media who thinks that repeal & replace of obamacare is dead does not know the love and strength in r party !
it is the same fake news media that said there is " no path to victory for trump " that is now pushing the phony russia story . a total scam !
why doesn't fake news talk about podesta ties to russia as covered by @ foxnews or money from russia to clinton - sale of uranium ?
just watched the totally biased and fake news reports of the so - called russia story on nbc and abc . such dishonesty !
just heard fake news cnn is doing polls again despite the fact that their election polls were a way off disaster . much higher ratings at fox
james clapper and others stated that there is no evidence potus colluded with russia . this story is fake news and everyone knows it !
despite what you have heard from the fake news , I had a great meeting with german chancellor angela merkel . nevertheless , germany owes ...  . .
does anybody really believe that a reporter , who nobody ever heard of , " went to his mailbox " and found my tax returns ? @ nbcnews fake news !
don't let the fake news tell you that there is big infighting in the trump admin . we are getting along great , and getting major things done !
russia talk is fake news put out by the dems , and played up by the media , in order to mask the big election defeat and the illegal leaks !
fake news media knowingly doesn't tell the truth . a great danger to our country . the failing @ nytimes has become a joke . likewise @ cnn . sad !
give the public a break - the fake news media is trying to say that large scale immigration in sweden is working out just beautifully . not !
don't believe the main stream fake news media .the white house is running Very well . I inherited a mess and am in the process of fixing it .
the fake news media failing @ nytimes , @ nbcnews , @ abc , @ cbs , @ cnn is not my enemy , it is the enemy of the american people !
the democrats had to come up with a story as to why they lost the election , and so badly  , so they made up a story - russia . fake news !
fake news media , which makes up stories and " sources , " is far more effective than the discredited democrats - but they are fading fast !
the fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred . @ msnbc & @ cnn are unwatchable . @ foxandfriends is great !
just leaving florida . big crowds of enthusiastic supporters lining the road that the fake news media refuses to mention . Very dishonest !
while on fake news @ cnn , bernie sanders was cut off for using the term fake news to describe the network . they said technical difficulties !
the failing @ nytimes does major fake news china story saying " mr .XI has not spoken to mr . trump since nov . . " we spoke at length yesterday !
chris cuomo , in his interview with sen . blumenthal , never asked him about his long - term lie about his brave " service " in Vietnam . fake news !
fake news stories reporters have run since trump won'
I call my own shots , largely based on an accumulation of data , and everyone knows it . some fake news media , in order to ginalize , lies !
any negative polls are fake news , just like the cnn , abc , nbc polls in the election . sorry , people want border security and extreme vetting .
after being forced to apologize for its bad and inaccurate coverage of me after winning the election , the fake news @ nytimes is still lost !
thank you to prime minister of australia for telling the truth about our very civil conversation that fake news media lied about . Very nice !
somebody with aptitude and conviction should buy the fake news and failing @ nytimes and either run it correctly or let it fold with dignity !
the failing @ nytimes has been wrong about me from the very beginning . said I would lose the priies , then the general election . fake news !
congratulations to @ foxnews for being number one in inauguration ratings . they were many times higher than fake news @ cnn - public is st !
to the u.s. , but had nothing to do with trump , is more fake news . ask top ceo ' s of those companies for real facts . came back because of me !
much worse - just look at syria red line , crimea , ukraine and the build - up of russian nukes . not good ! was this the leaker of fake news ?
totally made up facts by sleazebag political operatives , both democrats and republicans - fake news ! russia says nothing exists . probably ... 
@cnn is in a total meltdown with their fake news because their ratings are tanking since election and their credibility will soon be gone !
we had a great news conference at trump tower today . a couple of fake news organizations were there but the people truly get what ' s going on
intelligence agencies should never have allowed this fake news to " leak " into the public . one last shot at me .are we living in nazI germany ?
I win an election easily , a great " movement " is verified , and crooked opponents try to belittle our victory with fake news . a sorry state !
fake news - a total political witch hunt !
on global warming
global warming is an " expensive hoax ! " 
global warming is a " hoaX " 
global warming is a " total , and very expensive , hoax ! " 
global warming is a " total hoax ! " 
global warming is a " con " 
global warming , again , is a " con ! " 
global warming is a " total con job " 
global warming is " truly stupid " 
global warming is " fictional " 
global warming is " mythical " 
global warming is " bullshit " 
global warming is " based on faulty science and manipulated data " 
global warming has " been proven to be a canard repeatedly over and over again " 
global warming - " we didn't cause it " 
global warming was " created by and for the chinese " 
key to solving issues
nobody but donald trump will save israel 
nobody knows jobs like I do !
nobody understands politicians like I do
nobody beats me on national security
nobody would fight harder for free speech than me
nobody can beat me on the economy and jobs
nobody will protect our nation like donald j . trump 
nobody more against obamacare than me
nobody has more respect for women than donald trump !
no - one has done more for people with disabilities than me
illegal immigration " our southern border is unsecure . I am the only one that can fix it " 
illegal immigration " such a big problem for our country - I will solve " 
infrastructure " the only one to fix the infrastructure of our country is me " 
infrastructure " I am the only one that knows how to build cities " 
infrastructure " all falling apart . I can fix for of pols , & better " 
isis " isis is still running around wild . I can fix it fast " 
isis " isis fighters have infiltrated europe . also , many in u.s. I told you so ! I alone can fix this problem ! " 
jobs " I will create jobs like no one else " 
jobs " I am the only presidential candidate who will bring jobs back to the u.s.and protect car industry ! " 
jobs " I will bring our jobs back to the u.s. , and keep our companies from leaving . nobody else can do it . " 
making america great " I am the only one who can make america great again " 
making america great " if I run , and if I win , our country will be great again . " 
moving jobs to mexico " I am the only one who can fix this . Very sad  . " 
obamacare " we will immediately repeal and replace obamacare - and nobody can do that like me " 
slow gdp " I told you so ! only I can fix " 
social security " I am going to save social security without any cuts  . I know where to get the money from . nobody else does . " 
tax laws " I know our complex tax laws better than anyone who has ever run for president and am the only one who can fix them . " 
terrorism " at least  dead , injured . I alone can solve " 
terrorism " time for a change , I will solVe - and fast ! " 
tough calls " govt . collapsing in iraq ... sadly , I called this one and please remember , I alone called it .
Veterans affairs " I will fix Va quickly . " 
why are people upset w me over pres obama ' s birth certificate ? I got him to release it , or whatever it was , when nobody else could ! " 
personal superlatives
my I .q . is one of the highest - and you all know it !
I will be the best by far in fighting terror
I will be the greatest job - producing president in american history
I am the best builder , just look at what i've built
I am the best builder but if that were my building with the crane mishap ...
I am attracting the biggest crowds , by far , and the best poll numbers , also by far .
I am least racist person there is
I am in las Vegas , at the best hotel by far , trump international
I am at trump national doral - best resort in u.s.
donald trump ' s palm beach mansion ... which I turned into the greatest club in the world
many people have commented that my fragrance , “success” is the best scent & lasts the longest
many people have said i’m the world ' s greatest writer of  character sentences .
many are saying i'm the best  character writer in the world
I have proven to be far more correct about terrorism than anybody - and it ' s not even close .
I have been able to spend far less money than others on the campaign and finish #
I have raisedgiven a tremendous amount of money to our great Veterans
I have millions more voteshundreds more dels than cruz or kasich
I have brought millions of people into the republican party
I have built so many great & complicated projects– creating tens of thousands of jobs
I have spent almost nothing on my run for president and am in st place
I have a % to % lead over ted cruz and all others . think about it !
I have just exceeded  million followers -- and in such a short time !
I have over seven million hits on social media re crooked hillary clinton
I have been drawing very big and enthusiastic crowds
on president barack obama
obama has " no idea what he is doing - incompetent ! " 
obama has " a horrible attitude - a man who is resigned to defeat " 
obama has " absolutely no control or respect over the african american community " 
obama has " done such a poor job as president , you won't see another black president for generations ! " 
obama has " made one mistake after another for a very long time " 
obama has " no understanding of how to create jobs or opportunity " 
obama has " allowed america to be abused and kicked around " 
obama has " no problem lying to the american public " 
obama has " been horrible " for christians
obama has " been a total disaster " 
obama is a " terrible executive " 
obama is a " terrible president ! " 
obama is " truly a pathetic excuse of a president , can't get any worse " 
obama is " looking like an incompetent fool " 
obama is " a delusional failure " 
obama is " so inelegant and unpresidential " 
obama is " so stupid " 
obama is " so overwhelmed by what is happening in the u.s. and throughout the world " 
obama is " not a natural deal maker . only makes bad deals ! " 
obama is " a total incompetent ! " 
obama is " perhaps the worst president in u.s. history ! " 
obama is " perhaps the worst president in the history of the united states ! " 
obama is " living in a world of the make believe ! " 
obama is " not a natural leader , was never ment sic to lead " 
obama is " just so bad ! " 
obama is " an absolutely terrible president , be the worst in our history ! " 
obama is " without question , the worst eVer president " 
obama is " losing on so many fronts , in fact all fronts " 
obama is " giving social security & obamacare to illegals " 
obama is " giving a pathway to terrorists to enter our country . an attack is on him . " 
obama is " a total disaster for israel - and always will be " 
obama is " the weakest potus against china " 
obama is " so fawning and desperate " 
obama is " not a leader , he ' s just a campaigner " 
obama is " the most overrated politician in us history " 
obama is " a racist " 
obama is " not who you think " 
obama wants " to change the name of the " white house " because it is highly discriminating " 
obama wants " to deny due process to the police . he’ll give all constitutional rights to the terrorists but not our cops " 
obama was " so pathetic in the first debate " 
obama was " never made or prepared for the job . like it or not , he doesn't have " it " " 
obama was " able to fool the americans by getting elected " 
obama " doesn't have a clue ... our country is a divided crime scene " 
obama " doesn't know what he is doing " 
obama " loves wasting our money " 
obama " is not capable of doing the job " 
obama should " be ashamed ! " 
obama " you are a complete and total disaster " 
obama " what the hell is wrong with you ? " 
it ' s almost like he ' s saying f - you to u.s. public
I predict he will now do something really bad and totally stupid to show manhood !
I am concerned he will do something totally irrational
who thinks that president obama is totally incompetent ?
what the hell is wrong with this guy ?
is he stubborn or just plain incompetent
is he stupid or arrogant ?
can you be that thick stupid ?
how much can one man lie about even the most obvious things ?
how totally stupid is this guy ?
how the hell did he get into columbia & harvard ?
is he delusional ?
everything he touches turns to garbage
everything he touches turns into a mess . some people just don't have it
obama our welfare & food stamp president ... he doesn't believe in work .
what ' s the worst  ?
president obama " is the worst president in u.s. history ! " 
bill clinton " the worst abuser of woman in u.s. political history " 
mitt romney " one of the dumbest and worst candidates in the history of republican politics " 
mitt romney ' s campaign " one of the worst races in presidential history " 
john kasich " one of the worst presidential candidates in history " 
co rubio " the worst voting record in the u.s. senate in many years " 
ted cruz " the worst liar " 
george patakI " one of the worst " governors
bill deblasio " the worst or in the u.s. " 
eric schneiderman " nation ' s worst ag " 
ny times " one of the worst newspapers " 
the media pile on against trump " the worst in american political history ! " 
charles krauthammer " one of the worst and most boring political pundits on television " 
florida power and light " one of the worst utility companies in the country " 
celebrity doctors " the worst doctors by far " 
our q gdp " worst in memory " 
macys " one of the worst performing stocks on the s&p last year " 
the oscars " worst graphics and stage backdrop ever " 
the emmys " the absolute worst show " 
hollywood ' s  year " the worst year ever for hollywood " 
the super bowl " the worst super bowl in history " 
denver ' s super bowl performance " be the worst football game ever played by one team " 
our foreign policy " worst in u.s. history " 
our negotiators " the worst and dumbest " 
nafta " the worst economic deal in u.s. history  ? " 
congressional republicans " the worst negotiators in history " 
obamacare " one of the worst political disasters of all time " 
trump ' s spot at cpac " the worst spot at cpac " 
penn jillette ' s Vegas show " worst show in las Vegas " 
cnbc ratings " worst in many years " 
karl rove ' s ads " the worst in political history " 
karl rove ' s strategy and commercials " the worst I have ever seen " 
chuck hagel ' s confirmation hearings " the worst I have ever witnessed " 
chuck hagel ' s performance at hearings " the worst I have ever seen before a committee " 
alan sugar " the worst kind of loser " 
rick reilly " be the worst reporter in all of sports " 
jeff horwitz " one of the worst reporters in the business " 
richard roeper ‏ " one of the worst replacements in showbiz " 
graydon carter ' s food " worst in town ! " 
for : small potatoes " one of the worst made and inaccurate documentaries I have ever seen " 
megyn kelly " is the worst " 
cnn " is the worst " 
who doesn't have a clue  ?
president obama " doesn't have a clue " 
elizabeth warren " doesn't have a clue " 
david brooks " doesn't have a clue " 
mitt romney " doesn't have a clue " 
john kasich " doesn't have a clue " 
co rubio " doesn't have a clue " 
rich lowry " doesn't have a clue " 
nicole wallace " doesn't have a clue " 
karl rove " doesn't have a clue " 
republican candidates " don't have a clue " 
chuck hagel " didn't have a clue " 
someone " I just had to fire " " didn't have a clue " 
hillary clinton " has no clue " 
jeb bush " has no clue " 
pamela geller " doesn't have a clue " 
s.e. cupp " doesn't have a clue " 
errol louis " doesn't have a clue " 
tim o'brien " dumb guy with no clue ! " 
hillary or barack " neither of which has a clue ! " 
media disdain
abc ' s cookie roberts " so wrong for so long ... lost all credibility ... just another sad case " 
abc ' s tom llamas " cannot report the news truthfully ... fraudulent story " 
anthony baxter " bias and stupidity ... clowns " 
arianna huffington " ugly both inside and out " 
arianna huffington " liberal clown ... money losing @ huffingtonpost " 
arsenio hall " very ungrateful ... absolutely dying in the ratings " 
arsenio hall " ratings were terrible ... apprentice brought him back from the dead , but he blew it " 
associated press " shameful reporting ... no credibility " 
associated press " totally lost its way ... stories are fictional garbage " 
associated press " extremely dishonest reporting " 
barry diller " lost a fortune on newsweek and daily beast ... sad and pathetic figure " 
bbc " no surprise that is in a major scandal for shoddy journalism ... zero credibility " 
bill kristol " small and slightly failing magazine " 
bill kristol " dopey ... lost all credibility with so many dumb statements " 
brian williams " I have long stated that brian williams was not a very st guy " 
brian williams " not the nice guy that people think he is , has now become totally irrelevant " 
bryant gumbel " one of the dumbest racists around ... an arrogant dope with no talent ... failed at cbs " 
buzzfeed " true garbage with no credibility " 
buzzfeed " I wonder how much money dumb @ buzzfeed ... loooose each year ... zero credibility ... totally irrelevant and sad ! " 
buzzfeed ' s ben smith " is that really his last name  ? ... a total mess " 
buzzfeed ' s mckay coppins " failed and dishonest reporter ... irrelevant buzzfeed " 
buzzfeed ' s mckay coppins " third rate @ buzzfeed site & slimebag reporter " 
buzzfeed ' s mckay coppins " sleazebag blogger ... irrelevant @ buzzfeed " 
buzzfeed ' s mckay coppins " very dumb reporterblogger ... very inappropriate behavior while in florida " 
cbs ' s major garrett " covers me very inaccurately ... total agenda , bad reporter " 
charles krauthammer " one of the worst and most boring political pundits on television ... totally overrated clown " 
charles krauthammer " dummy political pundit " 
charles krauthammer " pretends to be a st guy ... dummy ... an overrated clown " 
charles krauthammer " dopey @ krauthammer should be fired " 
charles krauthammer " the hatred that clown @ krauthammer has for me is unbelievable – causes him to lie " 
charles krauthammer " biased ... flunky " 
charlie hebdo " magazine would have folded - no money , no success " 
cherI jacobus " begged us for a job ... we said no and she went hostile ... a real dummy " 
cherI jacobus " really dumb ... begged my people for a job ... major loser , zero credibility " 
chris matthews " really dumb guy and I know him well " 
chris matthews " he gets dumber each & every year -- & started from a very low base " 
chris matthews " lowest iq on television " 
chris matthews " ratings are at new historic lows ... single - handedly destroying the entire @ msnbc channel " 
chris matthews " is he drinking again ? " 
chris wallace " the great mike wallace covered me in a much more professional manner than his son " 
chuck todd " sleepy eyes ... an absolute joke of a reporter " 
chuck todd " sleepy eyes ... one of the dumbest voices in politics " 
chuck todd " sleepy eyes ... ratings on meet the press are setting record lows . .he ' s a real loser " 
chuck todd " sleepy eyes ... he bombed , franchise in ruins " 
chuck todd " sleepy eyes @ chucktodd will be fired like a dog from ratings starved meet the press " 
chuck todd " isn't he pathetic ? love watching him fail " 
chuck todd " getting terrible ratings ... I saved his job , but chuck still not nice " 
chuck todd " so dishonest in his reporting ... no ratings " 
chuck todd " sleepy eyes ... he is do sic totally biased " 
chuck todd " sleepy eyes ... a man with so little touch for politics " 
cnbc " ratings are really low , worst in many years " 
cnbc " ratings are going down the tubes " 
cnn " so totally one - sided and biased against me that it is becoming boring " 
cnn " nothing but my opponents on their shows ... really one - sided and unfair reporting " 
cnn " so negative it is impossible to watch ... terrible panel , angry haters " 
cnn " very unprofessional ... hurting in ratings - bad television " 
cnn " so negative , getting even worse as I get closer ... turning off " 
cnn " clinton news network ... getting more and more biased ... act so indignant " 
cnn " so biased against me ... shows are predictable garbage ... cnn and msm is one big lie " 
cnn " total distortion of my words and what I am saying " 
cnn " totally biased in favor of clinton " 
cnn " clinton news network is losing all credibility . i’m not watching it much anymore " 
cnn " all negative when it comes to me . I don't watch it anymore . " 
cnn " is all negative ... guests are stacked for crooked hillary ... I don't watch " 
cnn " cnn is the clinton news network and people don't like " 
cnn " is the worst ... they go to their dumb , one - sided panels when a podium speaker is for trump " 
cnn " panels are so one sided , almost all against trump ... don't watch cnn " 
cnn " a made up story by " low ratings " @ cnn " 
cnn " constant phony reporting from failing @ cnn turns everyone off " 
cnn " so disgusting in their bias " 
cnn " unwatchable ... news on me is fiction ... disgrace to the broadcasting industry ... arm of the clinton campaign . " 
cnn politics " just plain dumb " 
cnn ' s alisyn camerota " treats me very badly ... a disaster " 
cnn ' s ana navarro " no talent , no tV persona " 
cnn ' s don lemon " lightweight - dumb as a rock " 
cnn ' s errol louis " doesn't have a clue " 
cnn ' s john king " underachieving ... one hour of lies ... few people are watching " 
cnn ' s tin bashir " surprised to find out he is on tV ... who knew ? ! " 
cnn ' s s .e . cupp " totally biased loser who doesn't have a clue " 
david axelrod " third rate book ... stammering " 
david axelrod " the dog hit me even after I made a big contribution to his charity " 
david gregory " thrown off of tV by nbc , fired like a dog ... being nasty to me ... not nice " 
david letterman " so boring and mundane ... world - shattering poor performance at the academy awards a number of years ago " 
deadspin " total losers ... bad complexions " 
des moines register " failing ... ultra liberal paper that has no power in iowa " 
des moines register " seriously failing des moines register is begging my team for press credentials " 
erick erickson " major sleaze and buffoon " 
erick erickson " total low life ... dummy with no " it " factor " 
erick erickson " fired like a dog ... just doesn't have it " 
erick erickson " got fired like a dog from redstate " 
espn ' s rick reilly " be the worst reporter ... he gets away with murder " 
esquire magazine " dying or dead ... lots of hatred ... when will this boring magazine close ? " 
fortune magazine " few people know that @ fortunemagazine is still in business " 
fox news " not fair ! " 
fox news " pathetic attempt by @ foxnews to try and build up ratings ... without me they'd have no ratings " 
fox news " statement put out yesterday by @ foxnews was a disgrace to good broadcasting and journalism ... nasty & dumb " 
fox news " only puts negative people on ... biased - a total joke " 
fox news " so biased it is disgusting ... they do not want trump to win ... all negative " 
fox news " totally biased and disgusting reporting " 
fox news' chris stirewalt " one of the dumbest political pundits on television ... dope " 
frank luntz " works really hard but is a guy who just doesn't have it - a total loser " 
frank luntz " your so - called " focus groups " are a total joke ...  .you are a clown " 
frank luntz " low class slob who came to my office looking for consulting work and I had zero interest " 
frank luntz " total clown ... has zero credibility " 
george will " most overrated political pundit ... take away his little round glasses and his greasy hair style and he is just another dummy " 
george will " political moron ... last month he said romney couldn't win " 
george will " perhaps the most boring political pundit on television ... got thrown off abc like a dog " 
george will " goofy ... boring & often wrong ... a total dope " 
george will " one of the most overrated political pundits who lost his way long ago " 
glenn beck " wacky ... always seems to be crying ... a real nut job " 
glenn beck " viewers & ratings are way down & he has become irrelevant " 
glenn beck " failing host ... mental basketcase " 
glenn beck " got fired like a dog by #fox ... he is irrelevant " 
glenn beck " wacko ... a failing , crying , lost soul " 
glenn beck " irrelevant ... refused to do his failing show ... very few listeners " 
glenn beck " crying @ glennbeck ... dumb as a rock " 
gq magazine " dying ... no longer relevant—won’t be around long ! " 
harry hurt " dummy dope ... wrote a failed book about me " 
huffington post " such a loser -- it will die just as aol is dying " 
huffington post " failing ... so much false junk about me ... be careful " 
huffington post " a total joke & laughing stock of journalism , as is gross arianna huffington " 
huffington post " dishonest ... neither has much money - sue them and put them out of business " 
hugh hewitt " very low ratings radio host " 
hugh hewitt " very low ratings ... just a rd rate " gotcha " guy " 
jeff zucker " failed @ nbc and he is now failing @ cnn " 
joe scarborough " not much power or insight " 
john oliver " very boring and low rated show " 
jon stewart " dopey ... phony last name " 
jon stewart " most overrated joke on television ... wiseguy with no talent ... not st , but convinces dopes he is " 
jon stewart " a joke , not very bright and totally overrated ... dumb clown humor " 
jon stewart " dummy ... a bad filmmaker ... last effort was a real bomb " 
juan williams " you ran over like a child and wanted a picture " 
katie couric " third rate reporter ... who has been largely forgotten " 
meet the press " hour hit job on me today – totally biased and mostly false ... dishonest media " 
meet the press " totally biased against me " 
meghan mccain " terrible on @ thefive yesterday ... angry and obnoxious ... she will never make it on t .V . " 
megyn kelly " really bombed tonight ... funny to watch " 
megyn kelly " must have had a terrible vacation , she is really off her game " 
megyn kelly " lightweight ... highly overrated " 
megyn kelly " too bad dopey @ megynkelly lies " 
megyn kelly " most overrated anchor at @ foxnews " 
megyn kelly " very bad at math " 
megyn kelly " she is so average in every way , who the hell wants to woo her " 
megyn kelly " conflict of interest and bias ... should not be allowed to be a moderator of the next debate " 
megyn kelly " I refuse to call megyn kelly a bimbo ... I will only call her a lightweight reporter " 
megyn kelly " without me her ratings would tank ... get a life megyn " 
megyn kelly " can't watch crazy megyn anymore " 
megyn kelly " crazy @ megynkelly is unwatchable " 
megyn kelly " highly overrated & crazy ... always complaining about trump " 
megyn kelly " boycott the @ megynkelly show ... she is sick , & the most overrated person on tv " 
megyn kelly " if crazy @ megynkelly didn't cover me so much on her terrible show , her ratings would totally tank . " 
megyn kelly " highly overrated anchor " 
megyn kelly " terrible show ... totally misrepresents my words and positions ! bad " 
michael smerconish " he has got nothing going ... can't believe that @ cnn would waste time and money " 
michelle malkin " she is a dummy  --  just look at her past " 
mika brzezinskI " off the wall , a neurotic and not very bright mess " 
mika brzezinskI " crazy @ morningmika ... @ pastorkburns was attacked viciously and unfairly " 
mika brzezinskI " crazy and very dumb @ morningmika had a mental breakdown while talking about me " 
morning joe " rapidly fading " 
morning joe " really hostile ever since I said I won't do or watch the show anymore " 
morning joe " small audience , low ratings ... I hear mika has gone wild with hate " 
morning joe " nobody is watching ... gone off the deep end - bad ratings " 
morning joe " weakness is its low ratings ... I don't watch anymore ... sad & irrelevant " 
morning joe " i'll tell the real story of @ joenbc and his very insecure long - time girlfriend , @ morningmika " 
msnbc " network that few watch and is very negative " 
msnbc " dead last , in the gutter , in their boston bombing coverage " 
msnbc " ratings have sunk even lower in  ... prime time down % " 
msnbc ' s ed schultz " truly a guy who shouldn't be on tv " 
msnbc ' s lawrence o'donnell " dumbest political commentator on television ... total loser  --  a face made for radio ! " 
msnbc ' s lawrence o'donnell " poor man ' s left wing @ oreillyfactorwith no ratings ! " 
msnbc ' s tin bashir " sleazebag ... forced to resign from @ msnbc ... pathetic apology " 
msnbc ' s toure neblett " racist moron ... truly stupid guy " 
national journal ' s ron fournier " third rate talents with no sts ... boring guy - really bad for ratings " 
national review " failing " 
national review " william f . buckley would be ashamed of what had happened to his prize ... dying " 
national review " very few people read ... only knows how to criticize , but not how to lead " 
national review " failing publication ... circulation is way down w its influence being at an all time low " 
national review " dying ... have been losing for years " 
national review " doomed " 
national review editor jonah goldberg " really pathetic job being done by @ jonahnro ... no talent means death - sad ! " 
national review editor jonah goldberg " truly dumb as a rock ... dummy " 
national review ' s brent bozell " lightweights ... came to my office begging for money like a dog " 
nbc news " very dishonest " 
nbc ' s katy tur " rd rate reporter " 
nbc ' s katy tur " should be fired for dishonest reporting " 
new hampshire union leader " dying ... run into the ground by publisher " stinky " joe mcquaid " 
new hampshire union leader " circulation in nh has dropped ... bad management ... begged me for ads " 
new hampshire union leader " failing ... how stupid , how desperate " 
new hampshire union leader " unethical record " 
new hampshire union leader " lost all credibility ... circulation dropping to record lows ... aren't worthy of representing the great people nh " 
new hampshire union leader " kicked out of the abc news debate like a dog " 
new hampshire union leader " failing ... paper won't survive , highly unethical " 
ny daily news " dying " 
ny daily news " dying ... loser newspaper " 
ny daily news " failing ... raised its prices because it ' s dying ... dishonest " 
ny daily news " loses fortune & has zero gravitas ... let it die " 
ny daily news " dying tabloid owned by dopey clown mort zuckerman ... it is dead " 
ny daily news " worthless ... liabilities are massive " 
ny daily news " worthless ... bleeding red ink - a total loser " 
ny daily news " failing ... destroyed by little morty zuckerman ... it ' s dead " 
ny mag " dishonest writers ... failure " 
ny mag ' s dan amira " doing so poorly ... with an idiot sr . editor " 
ny mag ' s john heilemann " lightweight reporter ... timebomb waiting to explode ... nervous and sad mess ! " 
ny mag ' s john heilemann " boring & failing ... rd rate political reporter " 
ny mag ' s jonathan chait " no - talent illiterate hack ... @ nymag is a piece of garbage " 
ny post " really lied when they covered me in iowa ... sad " 
ny post " such false reporting about my big hit in iowa " 
ny times " all bad decisions over the last decade ... incompetent " 
ny times " numbers at the @ nytimes are so dismal ... once great institution-sad " 
ny times " so poorly run and managed " 
ny times " failing ...  boring articles , today " 
ny times " really disgusting that the failing new york times allows dishonest writers to totally fabricate stories " 
ny times " truly one of the worst newspapers ... knowingly write lies ... really bad people " 
ny times " purposely covers me so inaccurately " 
ny times " happy to hear how badly the @ nytimes is doing ... seriously failing paper " 
ny times " how bad is the new york times—the most inaccurate coverage constantly " 
ny times " high ranking people laughing at the stupidity of the failing @ nytimes piece " 
ny times " failing @ nytimes is greatly embarrassed by the totally dishonest story they did " 
ny times " who can believe what they write after the false , malicious & libelous story they did on me " 
ny times " disgusting fraud " 
ny times " every article is unfair and biased ... very sad " 
ny times " failing @ nytimes fraudulently shows an empty room prior to my speech , when in fact , it was packed " 
ny times " these people are sick " 
ny times " failing ... has become a newspaper of fiction ... very dishonest " 
ny times " failing ... their reporting is fiction " 
ny times " fortunately , it is a dying newspaper " 
ny times' charles blow " dishonest reporting " 
ny times' david brooks " closing in on being the dumbest of them all ... he doesn’t have a clue " 
ny times' david brooks " one of the dumbest of all pundits ... no sense of the real world " 
ny times' david brooks " total waste of time , he is a clown with no awareness of the world ... dummy " 
ny times' frank brunI " dope " 
ny times' gail collins " the least talented of all is frumpy gail collins " 
ny times' paul goldberger " loved the day paul goldberger got fired ... faded into irrelevance " 
o'reilly factor " bad and very deceptive journalism ... show must be heading in wrong direction " 
o'reilly factor " very negative to me in refusing to to post the great polls " 
o'reilly factor " big fat hit job on @ oreillyfactor tonight ... total waste of time to watch , boring and biased " 
palm beach post " one of the country ' s dumbest newspapers ... should be put to sleep " 
penn jillette " goofball atheist ... wrote letter to me begging for forgiveness " 
politico " not read or respected by many ,  be the most dishonest " 
politico " failing ... losing lots of money ... really dishonest ! " 
politico " clowns ... totally dishonest reporting . " 
politico " has no power ... so dishonest " 
politico " one of the most dishonest political outlets ... losing a fortune ... pure scum " 
politico " very untalented reporters " 
politico " money losing ... dumbest and most slanted of the political sites ... losers " 
politico " rd rate $ losing ... no credibility " 
politico " in total disarray with almost everybody quitting ... bad , dishonest journalists " 
politico ' s ben schreckenger " major lightweight with no credibility ... so dishonest " 
rich lowry " truly one of the dumbest of the talking heads - he doesn't have a clue " 
rich lowry " incompetent ... should not be allowed on tV " 
rolling stone " a dead magazine with big downward circulation " 
rolling stone " total joke " 
salon ' s alex pareene " lightweight reporter ... known as a total joke in political circles " 
seth meyers " so unnatural and uncomfortable ... bad interviewer , bles in his mouth " 
seth meyers " just doesn't have what it takes ... very awkward and insecure " 
seth meyers " can’t do a simple interview ... stumbling & mumbling " 
seth meyers " a total joke ... very awkward with almost no talent ... bles in his mouth " 
shepard smith " so totally biased ... should be ashamed of himself " 
tavis smiley " hater & racist ... waste good airtime " 
the View " the show is dying for lack of ratings " 
the View " ratings for the View are really low ... get new cast or just put it to sleep ... dead t .V . " 
the View " failing so badly ... soon be taken off thr air " 
the View " explain how the women on the View ... ever got their jobs ... total disaster " 
the View ' s joy behar " fired from her last show for lack of ratings " 
the View ' s nicole wallace " doesn't have a clue ... the show is close to death ! " 
the View ' s whoopI goldberg " terrible ... @ theView ... is now in total freefall " 
time magazine " so biased " 
time magazine " cover showing late age breast feeding is disgusting -- sad " 
time magazine " lost all credibility when they didn't include me in their top " 
time magazine " a joke ... soon be dead " 
time magazine " looks really flimsy like a free handout at a parking lot ! the sad end is coming " 
tom brokaw " ble mouth ... boring tom " 
tony schwartz " irrelevant dope " 
tony schwartz " dummy writer ... hostile basket case who feels jilted " 
univision " cares far more about mexico than it does about the u.s... controlled by the mexican government ? " 
usa today " boring newspaper with no mojo -- must be losing a fortune " 
Vanity fair " failing badly ... sales are plummeting ... third rate stalkers " 
Vanity fair " looks like a dying magazine ! really really boring , really really thin ! " 
Vanity fair " doing so poorly ... graydon carter should’ve been fired a long time ago " 
Vanity fair editor graydon carter " dummy ... a real loser ! " 
Vanity fair editor graydon carter " sissy ... owner of bad food restaurants ... his V .f . oscar party is no longer " hot " " 
Vanity fair editor graydon carter " loser with bad food restaurants " 
Vanity fair ' s julI weiner " really dumb blogger for failing ... magazine whose ads are down almost % " 
Vicky ward " poorly written & very boring book ... waste of time " 
wall street journal " ever dwindling ... worth about  of what it was purchased for " 
wall street journal " some of the dumbest people on television work for the wall street journal " 
wall street journal " dummies ... totally incorrect editorial on me " 
wall street journal " failing ... should fire both its pollster and its editorial board ... seldom has a paper been so wrong ... totally biased " 
wall street journal " bad at math ... nobody cares what they say in their editorials anymore " 
wall street journal " dummies " 
washington post " tax scam ... most inaccurate stories of all ... really dishonest reporting " 
washington post " hit job book on me ... inaccurate stories ...  .don't buy , boring " 
washington post ' s chris cillizza " one of the dumber and least respected of the political pundits ... moron " 
washington post ' s jennifer rubin " highly untalented ... a real dummy ... low iq " 
washington post ' s jennifer rubin " one of the dumber bloggers " 
washington post ' s ruth cus " terrible today on face the nation ... no focus , poor level of concentration " 
weekly standard " I know your business is failing " 
weekly standard ' s stephen hayes " failed writer and pundit ... no success and little talent " 
highest rated
face the nation trump interview " highest rated show that they have had in  years " 
snl ' s trump episode " highest ratings since " 
chirs wallace ' s trump interview " highest ratings since  of ' " 
meet the press trump interview " highest rated show in  years " 
cbs  minutes trump interview " atings for @ minutes last night were their biggest in a year " 
cnn gop debate " in the history of @ cnn , last night ' s debate was its highest rated ever " 
fox news gop debate " I got you the highest debate ratings in your history " 
miss usa pageant run by trump " highest rated non - sports telecast on the big  networks " 
wrestlemania  featuring trump " I shave @ Vincemcmahon ' s hair -- highest rated show in wwe history " 
dateline hosted by trump " highest rated dateline since uary " 
comedy central roast of donald trump # highest rated comedy central roast ever " 
trump winery " Virginia ' s highest rated wine by @ wineenthusiast " 
wrestlemania " battle of the billionaires " featuring trump " the greatest of all time—set all records " 
who ' s laughing ?
arab league " members are laughing at us " 
central park  lawyers " are laughing at the stupidity of n.y.c. "
china " is laughing at us " over " the norks " blasting a missile
china " laughed ! " at obama ' s climate change speech
china " is laughing at us " over the tpp
china " is laughing at our expense " after the yuan hit another record high against the dollar " 
china " is laughing all the way to the bank " over the government ' s foreign debt
china " laughing at @ barackobama " over a war game
china " is laughing at us " over the exchange rate
china " is laughing at us ! " over the keystone pipline
china " is laughing at our inept leaders " over a tariff on cars
china " is laughing all the way to the bank " over the government ' s foreign debt
china , opec and russia " laugh at us . but now thanks to obama so does syria . " 
china , russia and iran " are laughing at us " 
china ' s top academics " are laughing at us ! " over cyber - espionage
the chinese " laugh at us and our president over the riots in ferguson ! " 
the chinese " are laughing at usa ! " after exports rose % in september
the chinese " must still be laughing at kerry ' s trip to china " 
the chinese " laugh at our stupidity ! " over pollution
the chinese " laugh " about the " so - called carbon footprint " 
the chinese " laugh at how weak and pathetic our government is in combating intellectual property theft " 
the dnc " laughed at bernie " 
everybody " laughing at jeb bush . a pathetic figure ! " 
everyone " laughing at the @ nytimes for the lame hit piece " 
the five taliban leaders " must really be laughing and having a good time right now " 
high ranking people " laughing at the stupidity of the failing @ nytimes piece " 
iran " buying time and laughing at the stupidity of our leadership " 
iran " laughing at kerry & obama ! " over sanctions
the iranians " laugh at us " 
isis " laughs ! " after a us military airdrop in the wrong place
isis " laughs ! " at hillary and four more years of obama
isis and all others are " laughing at hillary clinton and tim kaine on  minutes " 
mexican leadership " has been laughing at us for many years " 
the mexicans " are laughing at us as buses pass by " 
the mullahs " laughed when @ barackobama " asked " iran to return our drone " 
the mullahs " are laughing at what they think is a very stupid president " 
obama " is laughing at @ gop " over amnesty
obama " is flying around on air force one , laughing at everybody " 
obama " is laughing at karl rove & all the losers " who lost in 
obama " is laughing at " the rnc over tax increases
obama and the democrats " are laughing at the deal they just made ... the republicans got nothing ! " 
opec " is laughing at how stupid we are " over gas prices
opec " is laughing at us " over the keystone pipeline
our enemies " are laughing ! " 
putin " laughed " at obama
putin " putin is laughing at obama " over snowden
putin " is laughing " at obama ' s speech
russia " laughing in u.s. face . " over an oil deal
russia " laughs loudly " at the us over ukraine
street st players " are laughing " at roger goodell and the nfl
trump protestors " laughed at police " 
terrorists " cut off the heads of americans and laugh " 
the world " is laughing at us " 
the world " is watching and laughing " at the rollout of obamacare
the world " is laughing at us—they think we are fools " over released torture documents
the strong world " is laughing at us " over " algae - powered " ships
Various countries " laugh at our president ' s stupidity ! " 
we need a president who isn't a laughing stock to the entire world .
we are a laughing stock
our country is a laughingstock !
our country is a laughing stock that is going to hell
I laugh when I see co rubio and jeb bush pretending to love each other
